Improve documentations (#229)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio: docs/spec/wrapper-sanitization.md

# Sanitization for client

> After generating the client using open API specification, the following modifications are made to the generated client by introducing a wrapper client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After generating the client using OpenAPI specification, the following modifications are made to the generated client by introducing a wrapper client.
```
